SHADOW THEORY WEBSITE — CONSCIOUSNESS UPDATE
6 October 2026

DELIVERY STATUS
The supplied paper and article are integrated and the production build passes.
All supplied substantive text, mathematics, proofs, tables, Figure 1 and
references are available on the site. The original author-supplied Figure 1
assets and corrected paper PDF now resolve the earlier figure dependency.
Only article citation [11] remains unresolved, with a separate editorial note.

MAIN ROUTES
/consciousness/development
  Relational Development and Conscious Scaffolding — programme introduction,
  full contents, source formats and 15 consecutive reading sections.
/articles/agency-and-the-constructed-self
  Agency and the constructed self — full Word article converted to MDX.
/papers/relational-development-and-conscious-scaffolding
  Publication record, DOI and source downloads.
/consciousness/development/manifest.json
  Ordered section inventory, metadata, downloads and source status.

INTEGRATION
The consciousness overview and research hub now connect the developmental paper
and article to the monograph and Papers 2–4. The programme has five publications;
the new paper has no invented sequence number and supersedes no existing paper.
The Papers and Articles indices, Research Map, programme search, programme
manifest, sitemap, Atom feed, research graph and llms.txt include the additions.
Existing technical publications, source downloads and existing articles retain
their original bytes. Existing routes remain available.

The paper has 14 numbered sections and 52 subsections plus its abstract and
publication identity. Conversion retains 331 inline mathematical expressions,
29 displays, 9 labelled formal results, 10 proof passages, 5 tables with 126
independently checked cells, and 15 bibliography entries. It preserves source
result identifiers, definitions, assumptions, full arguments, philosophical
exposition, citations, funding, attribution and AI disclosure. All 360 mathematical expressions
have KaTeX HTML and MathML with source TeX annotations. Both complete-paper and
section Markdown downloads are provided.

The article preserves all 81 original paragraphs (title and subtitle are rendered
from metadata), its 15 headings, byline and all ten original source hyperlink
destinations. Related-reading links and navigable citation numbers were added.
No substantive article wording or scientific claims were rewritten.

SOURCE RESOLUTION AND REMAINING ISSUE
Figure 1 is resolved. The author supplied transfer_and_horizon.png,
transfer_and_horizon.pdf and relational_development(4).pdf. The website uses
these original image and vector assets unchanged, with the original caption
and full-resolution/PDF links. The downloadable paper PDF is the corrected
35-page author-supplied PDF; its figure appears on page 25. Normalized substantive
text matches the prior PDF exactly (15,975 words); differences are the actual
figure, pagination and repeated layout elements. No figure was reconstructed.
The prior Zenodo missing-figure investigation is retained as historical evidence.
No claim is made that the corrected PDF has also replaced the live Zenodo file.

Article reference [11]: the Word article cites [10, 11], but its list and DOCX
relationships supply only references 1–10. Programme context does not uniquely
identify the intended source. The exact marker remains, linked to a separate
editorial source note. Resolution requires the intended reference from the
author. No bibliography entry was inferred or fabricated.

CHECKS
- Production build and TypeScript checks passed again after the figure update;
  486 routes were generated.
- Original Figure 1 displays at desktop and mobile widths without page overflow;
  full-resolution navigation works and all three new/replaced asset downloads
  match the supplied files byte for byte. The caption is preserved exactly.
- Eight programme/discovery endpoints were checked for stale figure-gap notices;
  none remain. Figure status is resolved in both programme manifests.
- Independent source checks verified all mathematical expressions, every table
  cell, section partitioning, HTML prose and Markdown prose/math round-trips.
- Publication title, subtitle, author, date and revision status were checked.
- Production reader bodies exactly contain their converted source fragments.
- The article's actual rendered text and links match the DOCX.
- 42 HTTP routes and 183 internal link/download targets passed after the figure update.
- Search results, previous/next reading, source citation navigation, byte-exact
  source downloads and graph endpoints passed.
- Desktop (1440 px) and mobile (390 px) checks passed with no page errors,
  math errors or horizontal page overflow. Narrow tables scroll inside their
  reading column and support keyboard scrolling.
- Full paper text, MathML and article text remain available without JavaScript.
- 1,033 baseline files remain byte-identical (excluding generated caches); no
  baseline project file was
  removed from the working source tree. The 12 modified baseline files implement
  publication registration, links, search, discovery and generated article maps.
- Existing consciousness, quantum, monograph and Sealed or Leaky source content
  and publication assets remain unchanged. No dependencies were changed.

These checks establish conversion fidelity and website behaviour. They do not
constitute a new mathematical peer review or empirical validation of the paper.

FILES AND EVIDENCE
The archive contains the full website source under everythingequation-site/.
Original LaTeX, original Word document, author-supplied corrected paper PDF,
complete Markdown and section Markdown are under
public/publications/consciousness/development/. Original PNG and vector PDF
assets are in its figures/ subdirectory, matching the TeX source dependency.
Coverage is in docs/development/SOURCE_TO_WEB_COVERAGE.md and
source-to-web-coverage.json; a public copy is source-coverage.json in the
publication directory. The same docs directory contains article audits,
figure provenance, independent review, preservation results, build log,
browser screenshots and route/flow verification results. Current figure-specific
evidence is in figure-replacement-verification.json and
figure-browser-verification.json; the older missing-figure evidence is explicitly
marked historical.

USE
Extract the archive and copy its project files into your website working folder,
keeping your existing .git directory and any local deployment settings. The
archive intentionally excludes Git history, node_modules, .next build output
and temporary runtime tools. It retains package.json and package-lock.json.
From the project root, run npm ci and npm run build using the existing workflow.
For a cache-only metadata build, use SKIP_ZENODO=1 npm run build (on PowerShell,
set $env:SKIP_ZENODO="1" before npm run build). The supplied source does not need
reconversion to build. No remote push or deployment was performed.

OPTIONAL REGENERATION
Paper conversion requires Python 3, Pandoc and installed project dependencies:
  python scripts/convert-development.py --source public/publications/consciousness/development/relational_development.tex --output . --katex-root .
Article conversion helper: scripts/convert-agency-article.py. It accepts the
original DOCX path and an output directory; review and copy its named article
asset if regenerating. Treat the Word source as authoritative.
